Uh!
Hah!
Oh, those were
some close calls.
Uh-oh! I got a feeling they're
about to get closer!
How about
a little help, Neos?
Uhh!
Jaden Yuki...
the duelist who they say
can speak with the spirits.
I see my reputation
precedes me.
So, he's the one behind
all of this destruction.
I'd say so, Banner,
and it's pretty
impressive, too.
I mean, wow.
Bringing all of
these Duel Monsters
to real life?
Don't be
too excited.
He is trying to
destroy you with
them, after all.
Jaden, I've finished
what I came here to do.
Say what?
Say good-bye,
because now I plan on
finishing you off,
as well.
Aah!
Uh-oh.
Whatever's coming,
I doubt it's good!
Farewell, Jaden!
[Alarm sounding]
Emergency alert.
Evacuate premises immediately.
Evacuate premises
immediately.
Look out!
Aah!
Huh!
Yusei?
You had that bad
dream again, huh?
If only it was
just a dream.
But it was so long ago,
and New Domino City has
rebuilt itself since
your Father's research
was compromised.
Right. You need
to stop trying to
change things that
can't be changed.
The past has passed,
and you need to
let it go and
embrace the future.
It's true, and you know
if I agree with Jack,
I must really mean it.
I wish it was that easy.
I bet I know what will
cheer you up, mate.
Yeah. Come on, Yusei.
Let's ride!
All right.
YUSEI, VOICEOVER: Maybe one day,
I will be able to forget
about all the pain my father's
research caused New Domino,
but that day isn't today.
The people of this city
have suffered so much.
I have to do everything in
my power to keep them safe.
Hey, looks like we've
got a tailgater!
I've never seen that
Duel Runner before.
Yeah, or the duelist
that's driving it.
I can't believe it.
He's challenging us
to a duel!
If it's a duel he wants,
a duel he'll get.
He's all yours,
Yusei. Do it!
Duel Mode engaged.
All right,
let's rev it up!
Here we go!
Whoever this guy is,
he's got some skills!
True, but just one
more attack, and this
duel is finished.
Now, come on, Yusei.
It's time to take him down!
It's time, old friend.
Let's do this!
I Synchro Summon...
Stardust Dragon!
I don't think so!
A blank card.
What is that for?
Am I seeing things?
Stardust
Dragon--it's--
Gone! Been stolen!
But how could that be?
Ha ha ha!
A great many things
are possible, Yusei,
and now that I have the
mighty Stardust Dragon,
the demise of
your era in time is
one of those things.
Who are you?
Ha ha ha ha!
Wait! Stop! Huh!
Stardust.
Would someone tell me
what just happened?
I would, but I don't
know myself.
I still can't believe
he took Stardust.
Why did that maniac
take him--that's what
I'd like to know.
[Door opens]
What's up, guys?
Akiza, Leo, Luna.
Look, no offense,
but this really isn't
the best time
for a social call.
Whoever said this
was social, Jack?
We happen to be
here on business!
Business?
What's up?
Leo and I were
surfing the Web
researching Duel Monsters'
history when we saw this.
Hey, I recognize
that guy.
I should hope so. That's
Maximillion Pegasus,
the Chairman of
Industrial Illusions.
He's the creator
of Duel Monsters.
And look who's
next to him!
Yugi Muto, the King
of Games himself.
They say he's
the best duelist
to have ever
picked up a deck.
Doesn't look
so tough to me.
Of course, how could you
with that dated haircut?
Still, even I admit,
he's a dueling legend.
What I would give
to see Yugi in action
way back in his day.
This is what you
wanted to show us?
No. Scroll over
to the next page.
Wait!
Stardust Dragon?
But that card didn't
exist back then!
Exactly our point!
Look. The article
says that
all sorts of dragons
appeared one day
and, like,
blasted almost
all of Europe.
But I don't remember
ever hearing about this,
and this is a major
historical event!
That's just it;
this is new history.
Somehow, the past
has changed.
Huh! Wait a minute.
It's that duelist
from before.
[Rumbling]
What's going on
outside?
I don't like the
looks of this, guys!
Leo, what's
happening?
Our city's vanishing!
But why?
Maybe I've seen one
too many movies,
but whenever something
changes in the past,
isn't it supposed to
somehow change the future?
Yeah. So?
If past has changed,
that would mean that...
Huh! What the masked man
said was true--
our era, our period in time,
it's meeting its end!
Uuhhh!
Huh?
It's the mark of
the Crimson Dragon!
And look!
Its power is surging
through Yusei's
Duel Runner, too!
Ahh!
What are you
doing?
I'm not sure,
but it's calling to me!
I don't know where
you're taking me,
but if it's somewhere
that'll give me
a chance to stop this,
lead the way!
[Roaring]
Let's go!
That's some dragon!
Know where
I could score one?
Jaden Yuki--calm, cool,
and collected to the very end.
Now perish!
Huh!
Neos!
Aaaahh! Aaah!
Finish him!
Uhh!
[Roaring]
What's this?
My Stardust Dragon!
Yusei! How you followed me
back in time,
I do not know,
but I do know
it changes nothing
for you and Jaden!
If you don't perish
by my hand,
the hands of time
will do you in.
Hands of what?
Ha ha ha ha!
Hold on!
Uh! Ahh...
Uh, Yusei, right?
Any chance you could
tell me what's going on--
or better yet, who that
masked dude was?
I wish I knew.
You took quite
a hit there.
Are you OK?
Who, me?
Aw, I'm all good.
Just a few scratches.
You're a tough kid.
Jaden--that's what
he called you, right?
Yep. That's my name,
and dueling's my game.
Of course,
it didn't seem like
much of a game
to that guy, at all.
It's not. He has
another agenda.
Whatever. I'll get
my payback. You'll see!
That's quite the ride
you got there.
Looks like something
out of the future.
It is.
It is? What do
you mean, it is?
He means as he
says, Jaden.
Yusei is from
another time.
Another time?
Aw, quit messing with me.
Besides, how would
you guys know?
We know because, like you,
Yusei has a gift.
A gift that connects
him to the world
of Duel Monster
spirits.
I think they mean
this mark.
Well, then, it looks
like you and I have
something new in
common, don't we, Yusei?
Yes, Jaden. Now tell
me how this all
got started with you
and the masked man.
Well, some classmates
of mine kept reporting
that their duel cards
were getting snatched.
I went looking for the thief
and found you-know-who.
Listen, Jaden,
I know we just met,
but believe me, we need
to stop this man,
because if we don't,
life as you know it--
well, won't be
as you know it.
My time, your time--
it will all change.
And trust me, it's not
a change for the better.
Hold up.
Are you asking me
to team up with you
to take this dude down?
That's right, Jaden.
Sweet! But, uh,
how are we gonna
take him down if
he's not even here?
I mean, the dude split.
I know. My guess is
he hopped back in time
to the era when he
makes his big move,
when he changes history
and alters the
future forever.
Whoa, whoa!
What do you mean
"changes history"
and "alters the future"?
History hasn't changed.
Here, I'll show you.
Let me check the
Domino City database
for a newspaper article
that'll prove to you
that history has--
Completely changed!
Oh, and not
for the better!
Why is this guy
doing all of this?
I don't know, but he's
doing it as we speak!
Oh! No way!
Well, as long as I got--
Neos is gone! Oh!
Then it's
starting here, too.
Your era in time
is crumbling away.
First your Duel
Monsters cards,
now everything else!
So what are we supposed
to do now, Yusei?
Now we move!
Where?
ANNOUNCER: Welcome to
the Domino Duel Tournament!
Ah!
So cool!
Say cheese.
This certainly is
a good turnout.
And it's no wonder why.
The rumor is
Pegasus himself is going
to be here today.
[People gasp]
And now, ladies
and gentlemen,
the moment you've
been waiting for!
The man behind
the monsters
and the magic,
the creator of
Duel Monsters...
The one, the only, the great
Maximillion Pegasus!
Greetings, Duel fans!
It's wonderful to see you,
but I'm sure not nearly
as wonderful as it is
for you to see me,
so please enjoy my splendor.
[Cheering]
And enjoy your last
moments, Pegasus.
Dragons!
Boy, my laser eye surgery
sure makes those Duel
Holograms look real!
Ooh!
[Roaring]
I don't think those are
holograms, Grandpa!
Move it!
Yugi! Aah!
Grandpa!
It's my worst fear.
I've been upstaged!
Oh, no, the building!
Aaah!
[Coughs]
Huh!
No!
Grandpa, he's...
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
At last, my work
is complete.
It took some doing, but history
is now forever changed--
changed so that
Duel Monsters is no more!
Aah!
Ohh!
Aaahh!
Ohh...
You OK?
Huh?
It's OK, Yugi.
You're safe now.
Where am I?
Is my Grandpa OK?
Where's Pegasus?
Wait. Was it all
just a dream?
I'm afraid not.
Here's the deal, bro;
it's not about where
you are, but when.
We've taken you
back in time,
back to just before those
Dragons blasted this place.
Look!
Neos is back!
Who are you guys?
My name is Yusei Fudo.
And I'm Jaden Yuki.
Yusei and Jaden.
I'm Yugi Muto.
Oh, there's no need
to tell us who
you are. We know.
You do? How's that?
Because we're from the
future. It's no big whoop.
What?
Well, I guess it's
kind of a big whoop.
Bottom line, though,
we're here to save the world.
That masked man
you saw--he must
be stopped.
Like you,
we've seen
what happens
if he's not.
This guy seems
like he's made it
his mission in life
to take down Pegasus.
But why?
Well, we're not sure
about that just yet,
but we do know
this much.
If Pegasus goes,
the Duel Monsters
world he created--
It goes with him,
along with
all the things that
sprang from it,
like schools, cities,
people---you name it.
Oh, man!
But it doesn't have
to be that way.
That's why we're here.
Together we
might be able to
stop this maniac.
Will you help us?
That guy hurt my Grandpa,
and it sounds like
he's also trying
to hurt the game I love,
so I'm more than
willing to help you two
any way that I can.
Let's make this guy sorry
he ever messed with us!
Glad to have you
on our side.
Glad? Try ecstatic!
We've got the King
of Games in our corner!
Now let's do this!
Nice job scaring
them off!
That's right,
everyone.
Keep running,
and don't look back!
I hope this
scares off Pegasus.
That way, he won't be
crushed by that building.
Right. Then he and
the future of Duel
Monsters are safe.
I think not!
You listen here! We know
what you're up to,
and we're not gonna
let it happen. Got it?
So why don't you just
make it easy on yourself
and go back to wherever
it is you came from!
Where I came from
is why I'm here.
Perhaps it's time...
we get acquainted.
The name is Paradox.
Paradox?
I doubt that
you've heard of me.
In fact, I'm very much
certain that you haven't.
After all, I don't come
from any of your eras in time.
I come from the future.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Forget him.
He's just trying to
get in your head.
We don't care about
your backstory.
We just care about
keeping our world safe!
Oh, is that so?
Ha ha ha! Too bad.
Nobody thought to keep me
safe, or those I loved,
and now I will finally
have my revenge.
I will rid the world
of what caused all
my pain and suffering.
That is why I am here,
because I've realized something
about this game you love so,
this Duel Monsters.
The world would be a far
better place without it.
The monsters, the spells--
what good has come from it?
True, you've all
saved the world
many times over with
your precious cards,
but against adversaries
who were using the same
cards to destroy it.
So that's
why you're here?
To rid the world
of Duel Monsters?
That's correct,
once and for all.
Not on our watch,
you won't!
You senseless dolts!
Don't you see?
Instead of trying to stop me,
you three should be trying
your best to help me!
I told you--where I come from
is the reason that I am here.
Where I come from is
a doomed future!
Huh!
No. Our future is
a bright one.
It's not.
It is a desolate place,
so desolate I could
no longer bear to see it
through my own eyes.
I took to wearing a mask,
and it was through this filter
that I finally began to see--
see why things
had ended this way,
and the answer
was Duel Monsters.
So what better way
to destroy this virus
than by traveling
back to the beginning
and not letting it spread?
Time travel is no easy feat,
but where there's a will,
there's a way,
and there was a will.
But don't you
realize?
You're not just wiping
out Duel Monsters,
but people, too!
You're destroying
everything and everyone
ever touched by
the game!
Of course
I realize that, Yusei.
As a matter of fact,
that's what I'm looking
forward to the most.
You're
one sick puppy!
Maybe the game's
not perfect,
but it's created more
good things than bad!
And another thing--
the future
isn't written yet.
There's still time for
things to change!
Well, then, it seems we have
a difference of opinion,
and since I doubt
any more words
will settle our impasse,
perhaps we should seek
to settle it another way.
If you're saying
you want to duel,
bring it on, Paradox!
Fine, then. I think it fitting
to destroy the three of you
with the very cards that
you're trying to save.
Huh!
Paradox, get ready
to get your game on!
Your twisted time crusade
stops here.
Let's rev it up!
Yugi, out of
all our duels,
this may be
the toughest.
Then let's rise
to the challenge.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
I have just one thing
to say to you, Paradox.
It's time to duel!
Let's go!
Wish them luck, Pharaoh.
The fate of us all now
rests with these three.
I'll go first,
and I think I'll start
by activating the
field spell Malefic World.
Ohh! What just
happened?
Malefic World!
Now, instead of drawing a
card during my Draw Phase,
I'm allowed to add a random
Malefic monster from my deck
directly to my hand.
Next, I'll send
Cyber End Dragon
from my Extra Deck
to the graveyard,
which means Malefic Cyber
End Dragon now appears!
Hey, does anyone know
what this Malefic thing
is all about?
It's not some "thing."
It's the type of deck I use,
a type from the future--
one of the many advantages
of time travel.
Jaden, did you see
how he just summoned
the Malefic version
of that Dragon?
Uh-huh.
Just by banishing
the regular version
of Cyber End
to the graveyard.
That's all it took!
In other words, by destroying a
monster's good version,
he can give life to its bad.
It seems Paradox
truly does see
only the dark side
in Duel Monsters.
Yes, Yugi, and I'm going to
use it to defeat you all!
But let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
I end my turn
with one facedown.
Listen, Jaden, Yugi.
We know what's
at stake here.
Our friends,
our very future--
it all hangs in the balance.
It all hinges on this duel.
It's true we may
all have just met
and may not know each other's
duel styles and strategies,
but even so, right now,
we have to fight as one.
All our skills, all our past
experiences, let's use them.
Let's focus all of them
to this one common cause!
Mm.
Agreed, Yusei. And I
think that you should be
the one to start us off.
Right.
Here we go!
First I play the spell card
Reincarnation of Hope!
By sending two monsters
to the graveyard now,
we can draw a
monster card later.
Fool! Don't you realize
there won't be a later
for you or your friends?
Well, right now I'm
summoning Junk Synchron!
And because I was able
to summon him,
now I can summon
a Level 2-or-below monster
from my graveyard!
Sonic Chick, fan your
feathers in defense mode!
Next I'll play Quillbolt
Hedgehog's ability
from my graveyard--
an ability that,
since I have a Tuner Monster
already on the field,
allows me to summon my Hedgehog
straight to the field.
But it won't be
around for long,
nor will any of
my other monsters,
at least not in their
present form,
because I'm tuning
them all together.
Just as Yugi, Jaden, and I
are combining our might,
these three have
now combined theirs.
I summon forth the Synchro
Monster, Junk Gardna!
Synchro what?
I don't know, but I
like it. Too cool!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
How truly pathetic.
If that's the best you
can do, then you all
might as well just
give up here and now.
Your decks are
no match for mine,
not since I snatched
Yusei's Stardust Dragon.
It's my move!
And with it, I'll show you
a beast with true might.
I send Rainbow Dragon from
my deck to the graveyard,
which, as you saw before,
means I can summon
Malefic Rainbow Dragon!
How dare you!
Leave my pal's
card out of this!
Now we know why he was
stealing those cards.
Why do you think
I was time-hopping
in the first place?
So I could
collect the cards
I would need to
destroy Pegasus.
But till that time comes,
I'll use them to destroy
the three of you!
Malefic Rainbow Dragon,
attack!
Spectral Surge!
I play Junk Gardna's
ability, and with it,
your Dragon is about to get
switched into defense mode.
Fine, then. You stopped
one of my Malefic Dragons,
but as you recall,
I have two out.
Malefic Cyber End Dragon,
attack!
Uhh!
Ohh...
Are you OK?
Say something, pal!
I'm all right.
Well, you won't be when
your life points run out,
because in a Malefic
duel, you don't just lose
the match,
you lose your soul.
I play Junk Gardna's
second ability!
When it's destroyed,
it switches
one of your monsters
into defense mode.
And next I play the trap--
Miracle's Wake!
It allows me to wake up
a monster from my graveyard
that was destroyed
this turn.
I'm sorry. I lost us
some points there.
Don't be sorry, Yusei.
Totally.
You just fended off
attacks from two
super-tough monsters!
Way to go!
Thanks, guys.
I did my best.
Against a deck that
is stacked with
the best cards
throughout all of time,
that's all we can do,
and that's what we're
going to have to keep doing
to win this duel!
In my time travels,
I've listened in on
some of your past pep talks,
but that was by far
your most pathetic.
I place a card facedown
and end my turn.
Well, all right, then,
it's my turn to take
a crack at you!
Here goes!
Yusei, cool if I
piggyback off your play?
All right.
Then I play this!
Polymerization
now fuses Junk Gardna
with Elemental Hero Neos
that's in my hand!
This is a first--
two monsters
from different times
teaming up together as one!
Here comes the best
of both worlds,
the Elemental Hero
Neos Knight!
Now Elemental Neos Knight
gets a supercharged power
equal to half the attack points
of Yusei's Junk Gardna.
And you better believe I'm gonna
put that power to good use.
So charge, Neos Knight!
Vanquish that Malefic Cyber
End Dragon!
Oh, and by the way,
Neos Knight's ability
allows him two attacks
in this one battle!
Two attacks?
You're not so tough.
Well done, Jaden.
I've heard of
knights slaying
dragons before,
but not two at once.
Ha ha!
Let's see if you're still
smiling after this.
I play the trap
Malefic Tune.
Now, since a Malefic
monster has been destroyed,
I get to draw
two cards from my deck.
Fine. Then I play
four cards facedown
to end my turn.
Nicely played, Jaden.
You have to tell me,
where did you learn
to duel with such
heart and passion?
A little place
called Duel Academy.
And believe it or not,
I usually skip class.
Well, if I were
your teacher,
I'd definitely give you
an "A" on that last move.
YUSEI, VOICEOVER:
I sure hope the people
of New Domino City
give me passing
marks after this.
It's my turn,
but instead of drawing,
I'll use my field spell
to add a random Malefic
monster to my hand.
Excellent!
Now I have all that I need
to win this
right at my fingertips.
The future will
soon be cured
of the Duel
Monsters plague!
I send Stardust Dragon
from my Extra Deck
to the graveyard.
Now, rise up,
Malefic Stardust Dragon!
My Stardust!
[Roars]
Paradox, you snake,
what have you
done to it?
I've simply introduced it
to the power of the shadows,
and there's more to come!
Next I summon
Malefic Parallel Gear.
Now, Parallel Gear,
tune with my Malefic
Stardust Dragon!
What?
You're not
the only one here
who can Synchro
Summon, Yusei.
Behold, as the
shadows drip down
through the cracks of time,
and witness how the
darkness pools together
to create pure evil!
I Synchro Summon
Malefic Paradox Dragon!
Not good.
And next. I'll activate
its special ability!
You see, since I
Synchro Summoned,
I'm allowed to bring
back a Synchro Monster
from my graveyard
straight to the field.
So rise once more,
Stardust Dragon!
Two dragons again?
That's right, Yusei,
and now Paradox Dragon
reduces the attack points
of Jaden's monster
by the attack points of
the monster just revived.
So, Neos Knight,
power down!
Neos, no!
Not good.
If this keeps up,
Jaden and the others
won't last long at all!
I would say you three
put up a good fight,
only you didn't.
Malefic Paradox Dragon,
destroy Neos Knight!
You know what
to do, Jaden.
You bet I do!
I play a trap--
Hero Barrier!
Thanks to this, since I
have an Elemental Hero
out on my field, I can
negate your attack!
Well done!
Nice move!
I wouldn't be so sure!
I play the trap
Malefic Claw Stream!
Since a Malefic Synchro
Monster is on my field,
I'm allowed to destroy
one of your monsters!
Uh! I'll see your trap
and raise you
with one of my own--
Elemental Mirage!
Now, because an
Elemental Hero on my
field was destroyed
due to an effect,
I can bring him back.
Return to battle,
Neos Knight!
A perfect counter!
Aw, I just figured it
would have been rude of me
to let you go without a
monster out there with you.
Thanks. And you can
count on me
to put Neos Knight
to good use.
I'm sorry, Yugi,
but even your best
won't be good enough here,
not so long as I have
Stardust Dragon,
because due to Malefic
Paradox Dragon's ability,
your monster's attack points
decrease by Stardust
Dragon's attack points!
This is all my fault.
No, it's not, Yusei.
Stardust Dragon is your card,
but you're not controlling it,
at least not yet.
What do you mean?
Next I'll place two cards
facedown to end my turn.
Then it's my move now!
So get ready!
Very well. Let's see what
you've got, King of Games.
Yugi, my cards
are your cards!
Well, in that case,
I'll use Reincarnation
of Hope's effect
to add a monster from
my deck to my hand,
and the monster I choose
is Dark Magician!
As though I didn't
see that coming.
I then activate the spell card
known as Ancient Rules.
With it, I'm allowed
to summon forth
a Level 5-or-above monster
directly from my hand.
So take to the field,
Dark Magician!
According to
the history books,
that card is Yugi's ace.
I know. Cool!
Well, as "cool"
as he may be,
he's still subject to Paradox
Dragon's power-down effect.
So long as Stardust
Dragon is out,
this will be
tough to win.
Listen, if Stardust
needs to be destroyed
for us to have a chance,
then destroy it.
Yusei!
It's better that
than being under the
control of Paradox.
Oh, how touching.
Now go already!
From my hand,
I play the spell
Bond Between Teacher
and Student!
Since I have Dark Magician
out on the field,
I can summon his student,
Dark Magician Girl,
in defense mode!
Oh, my. It looks
like it's going to be
a real trick for us to
come out on top here.
Well, perhaps, but
remember, as magicians,
there is no trick that
we can't pull off.
Right.
Next, I play the spell
Magic Gate of Miracles.
Now, since I have two
spell-casters out on my field,
I can switch one of your
monsters to defense mode
and switch it to my side.
Oh! I play a trap--
Malefic Force!
And by equipping Malefic
Force to my monster,
it can't be affected
by your spells,
which means Paradox Dragon
is no longer up for grabs.
Yes, that's true,
but Stardust Dragon
still is.
No!
Yusei, Stardust Dragon is
now back where it belongs.
Thanks, Yugi!
Ha! You never wanted
Paradox Dragon
in the first
place, right?
Mm. Speaking
of Paradox Dragon,
its ability is
no longer in effect,
which means our monsters'
attack points return to normal.
Bravo, Yugi.
But so what
if you restored your
monsters' attack points?
My Paradox Dragon
still has them beat
with a total of 4,000!
Face it. You're simply
outmatched.
I wouldn't say that.
I play the spell card
Dark Magic Twin Burst!
With this, Dark Magician's
attack points increase
by the attack point total
of Dark Magician Girl!
What?
Now your monster is the one
who's outmatched, Paradox.
And not only that,
it also happens to be
outnumbered, two to one.
So, attack, Dark Magician
and Dark Magician Girl!
It's time.
Right--
to kick some butt!
Here goes.
Now!
Twin Dark Magic Attack!
Yeah!
Sweet!
They might actually
pull this off!
Uh! These desperate
moves change nothing!
I disagree. You had
two monsters,
and now you
have none.
And I thank you for that.
You see, all that
you have done
is clear the way
for something else--
something grand,
something almighty!
Spit it out!
I activate the trap
Malefic Paradigm Shift!
With Malefic
Paradox Dragon destroyed,
by sacrificing half
of my Life Points,
I can summon my
most wicked beast,
Malefic Truth Dragon!
Aarrrgghh!
Huh!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
OK, I've seen
some big monsters
in my life,
but that behemoth
definitely
takes the cake!
And it probably
ate it, too.
This is your doing, Yugi!
I hope that you're
pleased with yourself.
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
Oh, no!
The time!
Pegasus will be
here any minute.
Mr. Pegasus, sir,
you might want to hold on.
Looks like a storm ahead.
The city--it's
almost...all gone.
But it's not gone yet,
and that means Yusei
still has a chance!
I hope
you're right.
It's my turn, and I
activate Malefic Selector!
By removing Malefic
Parallel Gear
and Malefic Cyber End Dragon,
I'm allowed to add two cards
from my deck to my hand.
Next, I'll send two monsters
in my deck to the graveyard
and summon forth their
dark counterparts,
Malefic Blue-Eyes
White Dragon
and Malefic Red-Eyes
Black Dragon!
Both Blue-Eyes
and Red-Eyes?
That's right. And now for
a taste of their power!
Ohh!
Oh! And since Malefic
Truth Dragon is out,
if one of your
monsters goes down,
all of your other monsters
are also destroyed.
What?
I play a facedown--
the spell De-Fusion!
Neos Knight,
time to split!
Now, Yusei!
I play Junk Gardna's
ability!
It allows me to
switch your monster
from attacking to defending,
which means Dark Magician
Girl is safe!
Jaden, Yusei,
great teamwork!
I'll show you teamwork!
Go, Blue-Eyes!
Pick up where
Red-Eyes left off!
Aaah!
Dark Magician!
Next, Malefic Truth Dragon's
special ability activates,
which means all
the remaining monsters
you have on the field
are destroyed.
Sorry, Paradox.
Don't think so!
I activate Stardust's
special ability,
so by releasing my Dragon,
I can negate
your Dragon's effect and
then destroy it altogether.
What?
So say good-bye!
Not so fast.
I play Truth Dragon's
other ability!
By removing Malefic Rainbow
Dragon in my graveyard
from play,
Truth Dragon is saved,
and you know
what that means!
It can carry out
its attack!
And remember, when one
goes, they all go!
Aah!
Oh, and did I mention?
For every monster destroyed
by this special ability,
you take 800 points
of damage!
Ugh!
Ahh!
That's right, lie there
and prepare to
accept your fate!
Can't give up.
We have to keep fighting,
no matter what.
Keep fighting? You three
can't even defend yourselves!
Next I play the
spell Malefic Divide.
With it, I can bring back
one Malefic monster
from my graveyard until
the end of this turn,
and the Malefic monster I
choose to bring back is...
Malefic Stardust Dragon!
No!
They only have
500 life points left.
One attack from Malefic
Stardust Dragon,
and they're done for!
I warned you three
not to interfere,
and now you'll see why!
Malefic Stardust Dragon,
unleash your fury!
Now Duel Monsters
shall perish,
and buried deep beneath
its ashes will be you three
and all the monsters
and cards you hold so dear!
My worst fear...
It's actually coming true.
All is lost.
Aw, lighten up, bro!
Yeah, things might not
look too good,
but you forget, we have a
secret weapon on our side.
That's right.
Because the three of us
believe in Duel Monsters
with all of our hearts,
while Paradox does not,
and when you believe,
you always have a chance.
You said it!
And that's why
we still have a chance,
right here and now!
Maybe it'd be better if I
just show you what I mean.
I play a spell--Flute of
Summoning Kuriboh!
This lets us add Kuriboh
or Winged Kuriboh
to our hand from the deck.
You're up!
Right! Kuriboh!
I activate your
special ability,
an ability that lets
Kuriboh take the hit
from Stardust Dragon
instead of us!
No!
All right!
There's still hope!
Yugi, I will
make you pay dearly
for that little stunt!
I'm not so sure
you will, Paradox,
because at the
end of his turn,
Malefic Divide's
effect will be gone,
which means
Malefic Stardust
Dragon will be gone!
But not the real
Stardust Dragon,
because due to its ability,
it now returns to the field.
Stardust Dragon.
Glad you're back.
[Roaring]
Yusei.
Huh?
It's up to you now.
It's your move.
Just know that we're
behind you--all of us are.
All right.
Let's do this!
For Duel Monsters
and all my friends,
and the people
of New Domino City!
Yeah! No doubt!
Now let him
have it!
It'll be my pleasure.
I play a trap!
Stardust Mirage!
Oh, no!
Oh, yes, and since Stardust
Dragon's on the field,
I can bring back
all our monsters
that were destroyed
during this turn!
But I just got rid
of all of them!
Now for our draw--
and for your
downfall, Paradox!
I hate to interrupt good
trash-talking, but here.
This is worth it--
the trap Neos Spiral Force.
This doubles the
attack points
of one monster
on the field.
I also play a trap--
Dark Spiral Force!
And due to this
force, I can select
a monster out
on our field and
double its attack
points once again!
10,000 attack points? No!
That's right!
Dark Magician, attack!
Aaah!
Elemental Hero Neos, attack!
Let this be proof--
the light will always
overcome the dark!
Go, Stardust Dragon!
Attack!
Now go, Dark Cosmic Wave!
No!
Good news, Mr. Pegasus.
The storm clouds
are clearing.
It certainly must be
a dream come true
for you all to be
so close to me.
Awesome!
Wow, thanks!
It's your move.
Let's see what you got.
OK. Say cheese!
So looks like our
work is done here.
Looks that way.
Well, guess this
is good-bye, then.
Great meeting
you both.
Hey, think we'll all
meet again sometime?
Yeah. But let's hope
that when we do,
the whole world
of Duel Monsters
isn't on the line again.
You said it, Yusei.
Maybe we could
duel each other.
Whatever happens,
I know the bond
we formed here
today is one that's
going to stand
the test of time.
All of time.
Absolutely.
YUSEI, VOICEOVER: At long
last, I finally feel like
I can let go of the past
and focus on the future.
Paradox may have painted a
bleak picture for the world,
but I know the future
isn't set in stone.
It's what we make it.
And together, we're going
to make it bright...
because the true magic
of Duel Monsters
isn't just in the cards,
it's in all the friendships
I've forged
thanks to the game.
Your move, your move,
your move, your move
Your move, your move
Yu-Gi-Oh
Your move
It's time to
du-du-du-du-duel
Yu-Gi-Oh
Chilling out with the crew
in the schoolyard
Finding trouble,
never looking too hard
Well, back at class,
they never taught us this
Some things you got
to learn hit or miss
Tough times, hard climbs
We'll take 'em on together
Right now, let's go
Yu-Gi-Oh, GX
Generation neXt
Game on, get your game on
Come on, you better
play your cards right
Game on, get your game on
We'll make the grade
and win this fight
We'll make the grade somehow
Yeah
Yu-Gi-Oh, GX
Game on, get your game on
Come on, you better
play your cards right
Come on and get
your game on
Going fast makes me
feel alive
My heart beats
in hyper drive
Do you think you can win
Only if I lose
Just let destiny choose
I can hear you breathing
I can see you coming
I can feel the wind
It's blowing me around
Take a shot at me
running side by side
It's a blur as I go by
I can hear you breathing
I can see you coming
I can feel the wind
It's blowing me around
See the sun arise
Fire in the sky
Greatness thrusts itself
into our lives
Your move, your move
Yu-Gi-Oh
It's time to
du-du-du-du-duel
Yu-Gi-Oh